For the Initial dataset, I have chosen to use redlining maps of Chicago as a representation of the perception of race in America. I am comparing a map and a dataset compiled through the Mapping Inequality project at the University of Richmond. I want to understand how much of an impact these old maps have had on the modern landscape of Chicago. I used a few maps of Chicago compiled by the city to get a better view of the landscape of the city today. Specifically, I used the city's map of all neighborhoods, and I also got the median household income from the Chicago Health Atlas. I will still need to automate this process using Python or another computational tool. I collected the data for this part of the project by comparing the maps by eye, and I expect to find a more efficient method in some time. For now, collecting things by hand was the easiest, given that the districts are not the same as they are in neighborhoods today. Another benefit of using the Chicago Health Atlas data is that they have even further breakdowns of subdivisions within Chicago neighborhoods and their median income. I believe this is a basis for even more robust data collection, especially given that just from my observation, many of the districts and subdivisions are similar today as they were in the 40s. In some places, this similarity is quite striking, as I noticed. Neighborhoods like Mount Greenwood, Albany Park, and Lincoln Park are all nearly identical to how they were in the original redlining maps. 

Knowing this, I will use pattern matching to help me more accurately compare the districts to modern-day equivalents and subdivisions within current neighborhoods. I need to do more diving into what exactly helped determine districts on the original maps, and if there are equivalents in the maps of the city today that I've been using. I would also like to do some research into how similar these maps are to those of other cities, as that might help add volume to the dataset, although I've learned that Chicago is more heavily impacted by redlining than most cities, so I wonder what I'd find there. I would just like to make it so I don't have to map things by hand anymore, both because I think doing it myself can introduce some inaccuracies and bias, but also because it's so much information to keep track of as is, and I struggled with just this sampling of it.

The data currently has a few issues, namely that there weren't 15 A districts within the city limits, making my sample for that type a bit smaller. I tried to compensate by using a few very closely neighboring suburbs, but this meant that I couldn't get the median household data for those neighborhoods from the same source. I chose to leave them blank for now as I assess whether or not to continue including neighboring suburbs or if I believe I can collect enough data from districts in the city proper to gain a substantial enough population. There is more specific data for neighborhoods, so I'd like to see if that further digging would provide any insights. This would provide some explanation for current outliers, like the "D" districts in Lincoln Park, which appear to be punching above their weight in terms of income today. There's a lot more to explore with this data, and I hope to find ways to make it more readable. It's been fun to dive into all of it, but I've got to find a way to automate this process.
